after two visits before the ground War
began the US Secretary of State was back
in
Israel I see you there was the usual
expressions of solidarity but with a
death toll Rising by the hour and
increasingly gruesome pictures emerging
from Gaza Anthony blinkin said it was
important how Israel tackled Hamas it
matters because it's the right and
lawful thing to do it matters because
failure to do so plays into the hands of
Hamas and other Terror groups there will
be no Partners For Peace if they're
consumed by humanitarian catastrophe and
alienated by any perceived indifference
to their
plight he came looking to secure
humanitarian pauses in the fighting
pauses to get Aid in and foreign
Nationals out we need to substantially
and immediately increase the sustained
flow of humanitarian assistance into
Gaza and getting American citizens and
other foreign Nationals out of Gaza but
in perhaps a sign of division between
the two allies the Israeli Prime
Minister ruled out any pause without
conditions we're continuing with all of
our strength and Israel is refusing a
temporary truce that doesn't include the
release of our hostages Israel will not
enable the entry of fuel into Gaza and
opposes transferring money to the strip
Anthony blinkin believes more Aid will
soon be heading to Gaza but he's aware
there is a growing concern at the
growing number of deaths at home and
internationally and the feeling America
could do more to put pressure on Israel
to stop it Anthony blinkin was hoping
that his trip would be productive that
there would be some way that they could
introduce humanitarian pauses in the
fighting but what is clear is the
Israeli War cabinet have their aims and
goals and at the moment a ceasefire of
any kind is not on the agenda Alan
Fischer Al jazer in occupied East
Jerusalem make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer